In 2006 an Australian man tried to sell New Zealand on eBay. The price reached $3,000 before eBay shut it down!
In Japan, letting a sumo wrestler make your baby cry is considered good luck.
It would take at least 480 bananas to die of potassium overdose.
Nutella was invented during WWII, when an Italian pastry maker mixed hazelnuts into chocolate to extend his chocolate ration.
The present population is expected to rise to 8 billion by 2020, 10 billion by 2050, and 15 billion by 2080!
The tip of a bullwhip moves so fast the sound you hear is actually a tiny sonic boom!
Between 1937 and 1945 Heinz produced a version of Alphabetti Spaghetti aimed at the german market containing only little pasta Swastikas.
By law, every child in Belgium must take harmonica lessons in primary school.
More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a phone call.
Just like fingerprints, everyone's tongue prints are different.
If you keep your eyes open by force they will pop out.
The tongue twister "sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick" is said to be the toughest in the english language.
Title 14, Section 1211 of the Code of Federal Regulations makes it illegal for U.S citizens to have any contact with extraterrestrials or their vehicles!
In every episode of Seinfield there is a Superman somewhere.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
23% of all photocopier faults worldwide are caused by people sitting on them to copy their buttocks.
It is impossible for a normal human to lick their elbow.
A shrimp's heart is in their head.
When you sneeze your heart stops for a milli-second.
In a study of 200,000 ostriches over a period of 80 years, not once did they try to bury their head in the sand.
The most common name in the world is Muhammed.
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every 5 be straight. They can be used as airstrips during times of war or emergencies.
Rhode Island's offical name is "Rhode Island and Providence Plantations". It is used on all offical state documents.
The Neanderthal's brain is bigger than yours.
Mario's (from Super Mario Bros) original name was Jumpman.
Henry Ford made the Model T black because at the time black paint was the fastest to dry.
The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.
Snakes can be born with 2 heads, which will fight each other for food.
There are twice as many kangroos as people in Australia. It is estimated there are 40 million kangroos.
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching TV.
7-UP got it's name because the original container was 7 ounces and the bubbles floated up.
The largest number of childern born to one woman is recorded at 69. From 1725 - 1765, a Russian peasant gave birth to 16 sets of twins, 7 sets of triplets, and 4 sets of quadruplets.
The elephant is the only animal with 4 knees.
If you slowly rub a cucumber on pen ink, it will erase it.
Eating a massive amount of carrots will make your skin yellowish orange.
Chewing gum while cutting onions will keep you from crying. Putting a piece of bread in your mouth works too.
Four is the only letter to have the same amount of letters as the actual value.
It's against the law to have a pet dog in Iceland.
Coca-Cola would be green if no coloring was added to it.
1 out of every 21 new yorkers is a millionaire.
Cosmic rays from outer space frequently cause glitches in your electronics.
Falling coconuts kill more people every year than sharks.
Humans share 50% of their DNA with bananas.
Strawberries aren’t really berries, but avocados are.
Cleopatra lived closer to the invention of the iPhone than she did to the building of the Great Pyramid.
It rains diamonds on Saturn and Jupiter.
There once existed a flying reptile that was the size of a giraffe.
If you have 23 people in a room, there’s a 50% chance two of them have the same birthday.
Turtles can breathe through their butts.
Drake didn't graduate high school until he was 25.
Osama Bin Laden was stopped in 2005 in Pakistan for speeding, but the police did not recognize him and he did not get arrested. He was the most wanted person in the world at the time.
Around 1.5 million diamond nanoparticles are created every second in a candle flame as it burns.